Add missing volume sssd to documentation (#3305)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Added volume sssd to the list of etc persistent volumes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added volume SSSD to the list of etc persistent volumes in Installation and Upgrade Guide
```

> - Add missing volume sssd to the list of etc persistent volumes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added volume sssd to the list of etc persistent volumes
```
